update note for net10 support (#1074)
couchbaselabs/docs-couchbase-lite: modules/csharp/pages/supported-os.adoc

Run-times which have received more testing and are *officially* supported are shown in xref:csharp:supported-os.adoc#supported-os-versions[]:

[IMPORTANT]
.Deprecation Notice
--

> Support for the following is deprecated in this release and removed in a future release:

Reviewer: This list isn't rendering correctly in the preview. 
Since there's only one item, can we combine it into a single sentence?

Something like - 
"Couchbase Lite 4.0 deprecates Windows 10 support and will remove it in a future release." 
(just trying to keep the phrasing as active as possible!)

* Windows 10
Plan to migrate your apps to use an appropriate alternative version.
--

[NOTE]
.Newer .NET Runtime Versions
--

> The *Minimum Runtime Version* column specifies the minimum required version for each .NET runtime. *Later versions of .NET (including .NET 10 and beyond) are also supported* and expected to work seamlessly due to Microsoft's backward compatibility design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Minimum Runtime Version* column specifies the minimum required version for each .NET runtime. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Later versions, including .NET 10 and higher, also work because .NET provides backward compatibility.
```

Couchbase Lite is built to be compatible with newer .NET runtime versions as they're released.

> If you encounter any issues when using a newer .NET version, file a support ticket so any breaking changes introduced by Microsoft can be addressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issues with a newer .NET version, submit a support ticket to address any breaking changes introduced by Microsoft.
```
